Data Used
The data source used for this case study is FitBit Fitness Tracker Data This dataset was
downloaded from Kaggle where it was uploaded by Möbius.
The dataset was made available by Möbius to Kaggle.com under the terms of the CC0: Public
Domain Creative Common License, which waives all ownership rights in the work and permits
unrestricted use of the dataset for performance, distribution, and copying. Furberg, Robert,
Brinton, Julia, Keating, and Ortiz, Alexa were the authors who Möbius cited in relation to the
Zendo dataset. (See the Source)
These datasets were generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical
Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of
personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep
monitoring. Individual reports can be parsed by export session ID (column A) or timestamp
(column B). Variation between output represents use of different types of Fitbit trackers and
individual tracking behaviors / preferences.




At last WeFit wants its Analytic team to create a dashboard out of this data to present it in
front of their management team.
To do that we will only take the daily activity data and try to create a few charts and
graphs out of it.
1. First use the daily activity data and find the unique id of all the users.
2. Then find the number of days they use their fitness tracker.
3. Use this data to group all the users into Active(>20), moderate(>10,<20) and
light(<10) users.
(for example active user can be the one wearing the gear for more than 20 days)
4. After that find out the mean distance traveled by each user
5. Use this mean distance to group each user into Pro,Intermediate and
beginner.(set criteria by yourself)
6. Then find out the total steps traveled by each user
7. Then find out the calories burned by each user
8. And then find out their fairly active, lightly active and Very active minutes.
9. Repeat all these tasks (1 to 8) with respect to distinct dates (for example find out
unique dates instead of unique id and calculate number of users on that date).
10. Use this filtered data to create charts and graphs for better visualization.
